hello Lex I'm wondering if you recall
what was the initial spark or
t
inspiration that drove you towards work
in AI was it when you were pretty young
or was it in more recent years so I want
to become a psychiatrist I wanted to I
thought of it as kind of engineering the
human mind by sort of manipulating it I
thought that's what I thought of
Psychiatry is by using words to sort of
explore the depths of the mind and be
able to adjust it but then I realized
that psychiatry can't actually do that
and modern psychiatry is more about sort
of bioengineering as drugs and so or
sort of I thought that the way to really
explore the engineering of the mind is
the other side is to build it sort of
and that's also when C++ really became
the cool hot thing so I learned to
program at 12 and then never look back
hundreds of thousands of lines later
just I love program I love building and
that's to me is the best way to
understand the mind is to build it
you